xap\_ruby
=========
This is a Ruby library written from scratch for communicating with a home
automation network using the xAP protocol.  Supports sending and receiving
arbitrary xAP messages, triggering callbacks on certain received messages,
etc.  Also includes an implementation of an xAP Basic Status and Control
device.  Incoming xAP messages are parsed using Treetop.

This library strives to support all address wildcard modes and data types
specified by the xAP specification as correctly as possible.

Read the examples under test/ to understand how to create your own applications
using xap\_ruby.  All user-facing classes should have documenting comments.

xAP
---
xAP is a broadcast UDP protocol for interfacing disparate home automation
systems and devices.  Despite its weaknesses, xAP support is available for many
DIY and enthusiast automation systems.  For more information on xAP, visit
http://www.xapautomation.org/.

Testing
-------
There are no automated tests.  You can test the code by running
test/bscdev\_test.rb to simulate an xAP BSC device, then running
test/xap\_receive.sh and test/xap\_query.sh on another machine.

* test/bsdev\_test.rb creates a dummy xAP Basic Status and Control device.
* test/parser\_test.rb tests the Treetop parser with a variety of xAP data types.
* test/xap\_query.sh uses netcat to send a network-wide xAP query message.
* test/xap\_receive.rb prints all xAP messages received from the network.

Copyright
---------
(C)2012 Mike Bourgeous, licensed under two-clause BSD (see LICENSE)
